


1. 

2. Wine - Have a glass of wine sitting outside of a bustling cafe where you can watch the world go by. The area near the alley grey market is where you can watch the locals pick out fresh fruits and vegetables or pick out an artisanal baguette to bring home for their meal.

3. French Macarons - A French macaron is a sweet, light, and delicate little pastry that's made with almond flavor and ganache on the inside. They come in a variety of flavors. Typically you can get chocolate, pistachio, or lemon, but in Paris especially, you can get really unique flavors like rose, tea, or even passion fruit. They are typically hard to make, but you can learn how to make these delectable treats by participating in authentic French cooking classes.

4. The Louvre - There are so many great places to see art in France. The most well known, and probably the best, would be the Louvre in Paris. It's a famous museum that has been around for centuries. The museum hold's beautiful pieces of art starting with the Mona Lisa from Leonardo Da Vinci to the Venus de Milo to works from all time periods and places on earth. You can even take a tour of Claude Monet's home and see the gardens with beautiful lily ponds. The Louvre is a wonderful place to visit and see many artistic masterpieces up close.

5. D-Day Beaches - Visiting the D-Day beaches and American cemeteries is an extremely humbling experience. It transports you from your daily life. You can read books or hear stories from teachers and relatives, but nothing compares to being surrounded by the atmosphere of where it actually happened. Standing on the beaches looking off the cliffs creates a visual backdrop that provides a glimpse of the unimaginable fear and incomparable bravery these soldiers had as they charged off the boats.









Business Class Flights To Germany
Germany - Most known for its famous Oktoberfest, Germany is home to some of the most beautiful scenery, castles, important historic sites, and great party scenes. Located in the heart of Europe, Germany maintains the continent's strongest economy. Below is a look of the best place to visit when traveling to Germany.

1. Berlin - Berlin is the capital city of Germany and is widely associated with its WWII history and former division of the East and West Germany by the Berlin Wall during the Cold War. Berlin today is now a vast, unified city since the fall of the historic wall in 1989. Although most of the Berlin Wall was demolished, there are some portions still standing near Checkpoint Charlie and the Reichstag. Berlin is diverse in ethnic groups and filled with sightseeing places, culture and nightlife. Tourists are drawn to Berlin's famous historic structures, which include the Brandenburg Gate and the Reichstag.

2. Munich - Best known for the world famous Oktoberfest, a beer drinking extravaganza, Munich and its great culture is one of the must places to visit in Germany. Munich's Oktoberfest began in 1810 with a royal wedding celebration. Every year this festival draws millions of people and consists of several gigantic beer tents, delicious Bavarian food and millions of gallons of beer. Munich is home to a handful of elegant opera houses and theaters, such as the National Theatre. At the heart of the city is an attractive blend of architecture both modern and classic, including medieval walls, royal palaces as well as bustling shopping centers, historic churches, and cool nightlife venues.

3. Neuschwanstein - The most photographed building in Germany, Neuschwanstein Castle, is also one of Europe's most popular tourist destinations. In the midst of the Bavarian Alps near the town of Fussen, this fairy-tale castle served as the inspiration behind Walt Disney's Sleeping Beauty Castle. Neuschwanstein Castle was never built for defense purposes like most castles. Instead, this castle was created as a fanciful retreat King Ludwig II of Bavaria who had a reputation for abiding in daydreams instead of reality.

4. Heidelberg - Hosting historic treasure like the medieval Old Bridge, the Heidelberg Castle, the Church of the Holy Spirit and the Knight St. George House, it's not surprising that Heidelberg is a popular tourist destination. The city center's main street is packed with pubs, restaurants, museums, art galleries, shops and markets selling a variety of beers, cuckoo clocks and German sausages. Home to Germany's oldest university, Heidelberg's long academic history can be retraced along the Philosopher's Walk, a scenic footpath often walked by many earlier philosophers and professors.

5. Lubeck - Lubeck is located in Germany's most northern state, Schleswig-Holstein, and it is one of the largest Baltic seaports in Germany. It was founded in 1143 and has served for several centuies as the capital seat of the Hanseatic Leauge. Despite the fact that Lubeck was the first city to be attacked during WWII, it still retains much of its medienval architecture, and is a popular tourist destination. Walking through the narrow streets of the Altstadt offers view of historic sites like the incredible cathedral, the 12th century Town Hall, and the old city gates of which the Holstentor is the most famous.

6. Dresden - Before it was severely damaged from WWII attacks, Dresden was known as the Jewel Box because of its lavish collection of stunning art and architecture. After many years, the city has restored much of its former glory. Dresden, which is the capital of the state of Saxony, offeres a number of historic sites such as the Frauenkirche cathedral. The city also has several cultural institutions of which the Semper Opera is most widely sought after.

7. Cologne - Located alongside the Rhine River in the German federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Cologne is on of the most popular places to visit in Germany. The city offers a wide array of activites, a great nightlife and an amazing arts and culture scene. Cologne is also home to many landmarks such as the city's informal symbol, the Cologne Cathedral, a Gothic church. Finally, the Twelve Romanlike Churches are excellent examples of medieval archetecture.

8. Romantic Rhine - Stretching between the cities of Bingen and Bonn, Germany, the Middle Rhine flows through a dramatic geological formation called the Rhine Gorge. This region feature a spectacular landscape containing about 40 medieval castles, beutiful views of villages and terraced vineyards. The region's most famous natural attraction is the Lorelei, which is the deepest yet most narrow section of the Rhine Gorge. It features a large, treacherous rock that has caused several boating accidents prior to the 19th century. With all that in mind, the best way to experience the Romantic Rhine is by a riverboat cruise.

9. Rugen Island - Located in the Baltic Sea, Rugen is the largest island in Germany, connected to the mainland by a bridge and causeway. Charming villas, romantic seaside resorts and beautiful beaches all draw tourists to Rugen Island. However, the main attraction of this island is the Jasmund National Park, which is famous for its unique cliffs that rise a whopping 528ft over the sea. Another cool feature of the island is Cape Arkona, where toursist can visit an old lighthouse, that remind of a Slavic castle and a picture perfect fishing village.

10. Leipzig - The largest city in the federal state of Saxony, Leipzig is known for its vibrant arts and culture scene which was shaped by the famous music composers including Bach and Wagner. Toursits can enjoy performances of Bach's music at the St. Thomas Church where Bach was once choir leader and is now buried. To add to all its historic sites like the Old Town Hall, the city has several impressive structures such as the Napoleonic Monument. One of Europe's largest town squares is situated at the central campus of Germany's second oldest university.











Business Class Flights To Italy
Italy, located in the Southern part of Europe. From its unique fashion and culture, to its incredible landscapes, and divine food, it’s no surprise that it’s one of the most popular destinations. Traveling through Italy, and exploring its beauty, remember to indulge in their cuisine; in many instances the recipes have been perfected and past down for generations.

Here are the top 10 destinations in Italy that are defiantly worth exploring:

1. Rome – formerly the capital of the Roman Empire. Located in the central region of the country. Rome is historic and modern at the same time, hosting some of the ancient Roman structures and Vatican city, and enduring more than 2500 years. From stunning cathedrals to gorgeous plazas, Rome has a lot to offer and is the most popular destination in Italy.

2. Tuscany – Italy’s most famous region. Capturing some of the most scenic view of Cypress trees, rolling hills, and olive groves. Here you will find amazing wine tasting in Chianti, or renaissance artwork in Florence. Further, there are beautiful beaches and of course, the world famous leaning tower of Pisa.

3. Venice – Built upon a lagoon and surrounded by the Adriatic Sea, Venice one of the most beautiful destinations, made up of collection of one-hundred and eighteen islands, and connected by hundreds of beautiful bridges and canals. However, the Grand canal is the most famous and splits the city in to two major parts. Known for its picturesque waterways and architecture, Venice is one of the most romantic cities in the world.

4. Pompeii – Pompeii is a roman city that was once buried under several feet of volcanic ash. Although excavations started in 1748, the whole site is yet to be unearthed. The volcano that once erupted was from Mt Vesuvius. Near the city of Naples, Pompeii offers tourists an unique insight to the everyday life of the ancient roman times as they walk about.

5. Amalfi Coast – one of Italy’s top tourist destination, stretching for 30 miles along the Sorrento peninsula, the Amalfi Coast is known for its extraordinary beauty, and is prized for its picture perfect coastline that features multi colored villas, shimmering bays and its dazzling resorts. Although posh, the Amalfi Coast is considered to be very romantic, and is a filled with pastel houses and pebble beaches.

6. Milan – Although it was nearly destroyed during world war two, Milan over the years has been reconstructed, and has become one of the wealthiest cities in Europe. In addition, it’s considered a fashion hug filled with one of a kind designer shops. It also attracts tourists with some of its historic treasures like Leonardo da Vinci’s painting called last super, the la scala opera house, and one of the world’s largest gothic cathedrals.

7. Cinque Terre – which means five lands, Cinque Terre is made up of many villages including Messina, and Monte Soro and is located in Italy’s northwestern region. Expect to find over a century old wine terraces, and magnificent view of cliffs. For those who enjoy hiking, be sure to explore trails that have been around for close to a hundred years.

8. Cicily – A separate region of Italy, Cicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea. Its home to a rich collection of art and history from Apregentos valley of the temples to baroque churches. Cicily is also home to Europe’s tallest active volcano, Mt Edta.

9. Lake District – Visited by tourists for over one-hundred years, the Italian Lake District stretches across Northern Italy. Although the Southern ends of majority of the lakes are rather flat, the Northern ends on the other hand, reach deep into the Alps and have an incredible view of the mountains. Garda lake specifically emphasizes its views of the mountains, and as a whole the lakes combine good weather and amazing scenery view. For those exploring as a family, Magggioure lake located further west, is less popular, but has several resorts that are family friendly.

10. Naples – One of the busiest cities, Naples is the capital of the Campania region. Artwork and historic sights fill the city throughout, along with its vibrant atmosphere. Some of the foods loved throughout the world such as Pizza, spaghetti, and parmigiana, were created here. They are made with local fresh ingredients, and are sure to leave you satisfied. While in Naples, don’t forget to see the beautiful views of The Bay of Naples!












Business Class Flights To Japan
For people living outside of Asia, Japan can seem like a bit of an effort to get to. After all, a 3-week trip for a family of four can probably bankrupt a sultan. Often times, many people want to come to Japan but just need that final push to get there. Here are six reasons why you should visit Japan.

1. Culture - It’s no secret that Japan has a unique cultural heritage that lives within their everyday live. You can witness it by observing human interactions on the street or receiving amazing customer service. The attention to intricate details and appreciation of subtle beauties create a truly unique culture that can only be experienced in Japan.

2. History - Japan has a storied history unique to any other country in the world. Learn about the pre-modern Samurai period and visit the Samurai temple of the 47 Ronin. Immerse yourself in the imperial rituals to learn about the ancient times that create the famous Japanese mystique

3. Food - People from all around the world visit Japanese for it’s wonderful cuisine. Foods like sushi, ramen, Udon, and tempura are just some of the incredible cuisines you can treat your stomach to in Japan. Couple these subtleties of flavors with a cold domestic beer or a hot sake, and you’ll be sure to please and surprise your pallet after your first meal.

4. Architecture - There is no place else in the world where you can see traditional ancient architecture and futuristic skyscrapers so close together. Temples that have stood for over a thousand years live between modern office buildings. This provides a Japanese blend between the old and the new.

5. Gardens - The beauty of Japanese gardens provides oases to Japan’s modern cities. Expertly placed landscapes create an amazing atmosphere for quiet meditation. The blooming cherry blossoms amongst the lush green maples between January and May are breathtaking and a can’t miss while visiting Japan.

6. Bonsai - Not to be confused with the Bonsai tree, Bonsai is a Japanese practice that incorporates the cultural appreciation of nature and an unmatched attention to detail. The art practiced in Japan is unmatched to any place else in the world. Bonsai has been passed along from generation to generation over centuries. This is a testament to the dedication of Japanese professional artists and will change the way you see nature and art.










Business Class Flights To Spain
Delicious cuisines, splendid beaches, a vibrant nightlife and lively fiestas all make spain of Europe's best getaways. Consisting of several autonomous regions and islands, Spain boasts one of the most widely diverse cultures and landscapes on the continent. Below is a list of the top ten destinations in Spain:

1. Barcelona - Located in the northeastern part of Spain, Barcelona is one of the country's top travel destinations, and it's not only for its star soccer team. Barcelona offers everything tourists look for in a European city, starting from historic architecture to lively shopping and exciting nightlife. Unique to Barcelona are the architectural marvel of Spain's famous architect, Antoni Gaudi, which include the Casa Batllo and the famous Sagrada Familia church. Both of these extraordinary structures feature combinations of fascinating designs, shapes, and colors. Some of the typical activities in Barcelona include strolling along La Rambla, a tree-lined pedestrian avenue, and sunbath on Barceloneta, one of the city's most popular beaches.

2. Granada - Located at the base of the Sierra Nevada mountains of southern Spain, Granada is the capital of the Granada province. Granada offers a perfect blend of cultures, colorful nightlife and spectacular attractions including the world famous Alhambra, a pinnical of Moorish art that encapsulates Andalusian history. This medieval complex overlooking Granada is one of the great architectural sights of Europe. Many tourists come just to see the Alhambra. The last Moorish stronghold in Europe, the Alhambra offers the visitor splendid ornamental architecture, spectacular and lush gardens, cascading and dripping water features, and breathtaking views of the city below.

3. Spanish Islands - Many wouldn't even think of Spain when thinking of island. But Spain has some of the most beautiful island in Europe. The largest Spanish Islands are equally divided between the Balearic Islands and the Canary Islands. East of the mainland of Spain, the four chief Balearic Islands maintain a character distinct from the rest of Spain and from each other. Mallorca is the largest and best-known Balearic island while Ibiza is famous as a party destination. The Canary Islands, also known as the Canaries, are located just off the southern coast of Moocco in the Atlantic. They are popular for their mild climate, beautiful beaches, and important natural attractions, especially the Maspalomas Dunes in Gran Canaria and the Teide Volcano in Tenerife.

4. Madrid - Spain's capital and largest city, Madrid, is widely known for its sizzling nightlife scene. There are a lot of ethnic groups through the city, making it one of Europe's most colorful cosmopolitan cities. Located within the city center are most of Madrid's most popular tourist attractions such as the Royal Palace, the residence of Spain's monarch. The hear of Madrid and Spain is Pureta del Sol, a large plaza that lends itself for hosting festivals, street performers as well a a hub for the public transportaion network. Another important square is Plaza Mayor, known for the lively San Miguel Market.

5. Seville - One of the best places to visit in Spain, Seville known for its exceptional tourist attractions, lively festivals and buzzing nightlife. As the capital city of Andalusia, Seville is also the region's financial and cultural capital. The city is home to many beautiful and important historic landmarks, chief of which is the grand Cathedral of Seville, where it is believed that Christopher Columbus is beried. Real Alcazar is another significant building; an extravagant Moorish palace with luxurious gardens.

6. Valencia - One of the largest and most important cities in Spain, Valencia is located in the eastern part of the country in the region of Valencia. After redirecting the Turia River, the city constructed its most impressive landmark, a massive cultural and entertainment complex known as the City of Arts and Science. Contained within this complex are several buildings such as a science museum, planetarium and aquarium that are each artistic marvels in and of themselves. Every March, Valencia hosts the Fallas Festival where each neighborhood displays papier-mache figures of all sizes and colors. At the end of the week, the figures are burned symbolically, and the communities party into the night.

7. San Sebastian - San Sebastian is located in the Basque country of North Spain, off the coast of the Bay of Biscay. This city is loved for its beautiful seaside beaches, and culinary tradition. The Old Town features many historic building reconstructed in the 19th centrury after the city was almost completly destroyed during the Napoleonic Wars. San Sebastian boasts also some of the best beaches in Europe with the most popular of these being Playa de la Concha, which offers sunbathing and water activities like swimming, kayaking and water skiing.

8. Cordoba - Cordoba is the capital of the Cordoba province in the Andalusian region of southern spain. The historic quarter of Cordoba is a maze of tiny medieval streets, plazas and courtyards all situated around the star attraction, the Mezquita. Initially built as a mosque, the Mezquita is now a glorious cathedral retaining most of its original architecture. Its forest of columns topped with Islamic-style red and white striped arches serves as a reminder of the fame and importance Cordoba held in medieval times. Some other places of interest include the Fortress of the Christian Monarchs, the Street Flowers, and the Old Jewish Quarter with its charming patios and souvenir shops.

9. Toledo - Standing on a mountaintop in central Spain, Toledo served as the Spanish capital until the 16th century. Because it was inhabited by Jews, Christians and Muslims for many centuries, the city is sometimes called the "City of Three Cultures." Today due to its wealth of architecture and historic art, Toledo is a popular destination that dates back to the Roman Empire. One of the best things to do in Toledo is to get lost in amoung the medieval streets and admire the old architecture that include a stunning cathedral, synagogue and mosque.

10. Santiago de Compostela - The capital city of the Galicia region in northwestern Spain, Santiago de Compostela is famous as the final destination of the traditional pilgrimage known as Camino de Santiago. This pilgrimage is important to many Christians because it is believed that Santiago de Compostela is where St. James, an Apostle of Jesus Christ, is buried. Today, the city hosts thousands of visitors every year for its history and religious tradition. The arriving point for most pilgrims is the main square. Situated in the heart of the city, this bustling plaza is the scene of many important landmarks, particularly the Santiago Cathedral where the tomb of St. James is located.
















Business Class Flights To United Kingdom
The United Kingdom is a sovereign union located off the north-western coast of Europe. The country consists of England, Scotland, Wales, and the province of Northern Ireland. With its temporal climate, medieval architecture, and stunning sites, the United Kingdom is a common European tourist destination. From its primitive castles, impressive mansions, stunning mountains, beautiful countrysides, historic cities, and cultural museums, the United Kingdom has various destinations to visit.

Over the years, the United Kingdom's economy and tourism have been consistently developing throughout the years. So, if there's any doubt about visiting the United Kingdom, think again!

Here are the top ten best cities to visit in the United Kingdom.

1. London - London is one of the most popular cities in Europe. When visiting the United Kingdom, be sure to visit this city crowned with various attractions like the houses of parliament, the Tower of London, Big Ben, the British Museum, and the Westminster Abbey. Be sure to take a snap of the Tate Modern Royal Opera House, the Sherlock Holmes Museum, Buckingham Palance, and the Camden Market.

2. Edinburgh - Edinburgh is the home of many festivals, including the world's largest performing arts festival, the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. Other than festivals, you can take a tour of Edinburgh Castle, St. Giles Cathedral, Real Mary Kings Close, and the Museum of Scotland.

3. Manchester - In the 18th century, Manchester was the cotton producing capital of the world. The North Western city is also known as one of the breeding grounds for the Industrial Revolution. However, it is now known as the first modern city in the United Kingdom. Manchester boasts museums, galleries, libraries, and theatres. Be sure to stroll along the Bridgewater Hall, visit Urbis, and get a history lesson at the Imperial War Museum. If you're a soccer fan, attending a Manchester United match is a must.

4. York - York is a medieval city built by the Romans in 71 AD. Although it's a historical site, the economy and tourism have been growing due to its charming scenery. The city is surrounded by ancient walls. Make sure you get some pictures at the Castle Museum and Gardens before leaving York.

5. Cambridge - Cambridge is a vibrant city with great museums, galleries, theatres, restaurants, and pubs. Be sure to stop by Cambridge University, the second oldest university in the United Kingdom. Other popular Cambridge spots include the Cambridge American Cemetery and Memorial, the King's College Chapel, and Kettle's Yard House and Gallery.

6. Glasgow - Glasgow is the third largest city in the United Kingdom. It is located in Scotland and is known for its contemporary art, jazz clubs, trendy fashion, and comedy clubs. Glasgow showcases their busy town with impressive 19th-century buildings, theatre life, and amazing music scenes. Be sure to check out the Kelvingrove Art Museum and the Victorian Necropolis.

7. Oxford - Oxford is known as the center of learning and is the home of inspectors Morse and Lewis. When people hear the word Oxford, they usually think of the dictionary because it's where the Oxford Dictionary was originally sourced. The Oxford University is the oldest university in England. Also, be sure to visit the shooting location of the popular Harry Potter films.

8. Bath - Bath is known for its Roman baths located near the River Avon. In 1987, the city was recognized as a world heritage site. Popular destinations in Bath include the Bath Abbey, the Jane Austin Center, and Royal Crescent.

9. Liverpool - Liverpool is the original home of the popular music group, the Beatles. Visit the childhood home of Sir Paul McCartney, the Liverpool Cathedral, and the Walker Art Gallery. Other popular Liverpool destinations include the Cavern Club, the International Slavery Museum, and the Tate Gallery.

10. Belfast - Belfast is the largest and capital city of Northern Ireland. It has an estimated population of 300,000 people. The city has a motto "Pro tanto quid retribuamus", which means what shall we give in return for so much in Latin. Belfast has become a cosmopolitan destination and a popular holiday site. With plenty of buses, taxis, boats, and pedestrian walkways, tourists can get around the city quite easily. Popular Belfast destinations include the Ulster Folk Museum, the Belfast Cathedral, and the Belfast Zoo.